Document incompatibility with Spring Boot 4 [HZ-5229][v/5.6] (#1981)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/release-notes/pages/community.adoc

* <<fixes>>
* <<deprecations>>
* <<security>>

> * <<known_issues>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* <<known-issues>>
```

* **Security Fix for CVE-2023-45676**: We have resolved https://github.com/advisories/GHSA-gcg6-xv4f-f749[CVE-2023-45676], a dependency vulnerability related to improper authorization checks in certain scenarios. This issue could potentially allow attackers to bypass expected permission restrictions.

=== Known issues

> There is currently a known compatibility issue between Spring Boot 4 (not yet GA at time of writing) and Hazelcast 5.6.0. We recommend using Spring Boot 3 with Hazelcast 5.6.0, or if necessary using Hazelcast 5.5.z with Spring Boot 4, until this issue is resolved.

Author: 928f27647340bd12974291c5adfb0fafb7ffbf65

> We are aware of an issue regarding compatibility with Spring Boot 4 (not yet GA at the time of writing this), preventing users from using Spring Boot 4 with Hazelcast 5.6.0. For now, users of Hazelcast 5.6.0 must use Spring Boot 3 or downgrade Hazelcast to 5.5.z to use Spring Boot 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is currently a known compatibility issue between Spring Boot 4 (not yet GA at time of writing) and Hazelcast 5.6.0. We recommend using Spring Boot 3 with Hazelcast 5.6.0, or if necessary using Hazelcast 5.5.z with Spring Boot 4, until this issue is resolved.
```
